This is Tianxiang pork bone.
What is Tianxiang pork bone?
Tianxiang pork bone is a kind of pork bone.
Legend has it that it is Mo Qilin, the divine beast of the Nine Realms
One of my favorite bones
After the ordinary dancer eats
Dineng meridians are unobstructed
Great increase in strength
Amazing
Ocean you see
God is helping you.
Yes!
Especially in this hunted environment
The power of any food
It may be the last remaining capital
This fruit looks good
And it tastes weird.
Must be extraordinary
Yes, eat this fruit
I can break through to Depression Bone Essence
Unfortunately, the conditions here are limited
If it can be matched with many medicinal materials such as Star Grass
It can be refined into Tianxiang Star Egg
Better effect
It's a pity that Han Yang, you are about to break through to the Jade Valley Realm now
Otherwise, I can't deal with the next pursuit. Yes
And now.
You need him more than we do
But
Eat it
Oops, don't be a mother-in-law
Eat quickly, this is an order
Ah!
You are about to break through
How are you feeling?
I feel like I can break through
We will help you protect the law well